{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Testing instructions:\
\
1) Open the app. Sign-in is not required.\
\
2) On Main Page, Click the \'93Help\'94 button for tutorial highlights and instructions. Click "Watch Animation" to watch cartoon that introduces the app concept. Test \'93Scan QR\'94 and \'93Saved Sites\'94 buttons to verify that functions work to scan and save websites. \
\
3) Click the \'93Sign Up\'94 button.  Click the \'93Help\'94 button for tutorial. Enter a user name, message, and email (optional).  Hit submit. If entered, your email should now be masked. \
\
4) Click the \'93Bingo\'94 button.  Click the \'93Help\'94 button and check the tutorial highlights.  Click the center square on the bingo page, it should ask you to confirm and then take you to the avatar page.  Return to the Bingo page.  The middle square should now be red and you should have a score of 1.  Click one of the \'93Invite a Friend\'94 square. This should each show a QR code. If you have a friend who does not have the app installed, this QR code will take them to an install page to share the app. If you have a friend who also has the app installed, have them click this square to create the QR code.  Click \'93Scan QR Codes\'94 button, accept/change permissions to allow camera access, then scan your friend\'92s QR code. They should get a point and that square should turn red for them.  (Example QR Codes provided in qr_grid.png for testing purposes).\
\
5) If you have a friend with the app installed, Click the button \'93New Friend\'94 and choose \'93User Name\'94.  Ask your friend to scan the QR code, and verify that they add you as a friend gaining one new friend in the \'93Friends Made\'94 location.  Ask them to scan again and verify that they get a message that you are already a friend.  Reverse roles and repeat. Click \'93Show Friends\'94 and verify that they show up in your list of friends.\
\
6) Click the \'93Avatar\'94 button. Click the \'93Help\'94 button and check that the tutorial highlights the right features and that instructions seem to make sense.  Choose an avatar shape and color (remember these for later).  Click \'93Save Avatar Settings\'94 to save your avatar. \
\
7) Click \'93ReFISHtance\'94 button.  Click the \'93Help\'94 button for tutorial highlights.  Find and your avatar and click on it (you will only see your avatar if you have 1 or more points).  Check that a pop up shows your avatar and your message. Like that message and confirm that it increments the counter.  Go back to \'93Sign Up\'94 to change your message, and return to verify that the change is updated and that your likes have reset to zero.  Click \'93Welcome New Fish to the Resistance\'94 and note how long it takes to regenerate the animation.  Change target in \'93Join the reFISHtance against\'94 and verify that it takes you to a different group of fish.  Change option in \'93Choose a Sign to Carry\'94 and verify that the sign your avatar is carrying changes to the correct new sign (in the pop up when you click your avatar). Note you will not have a sign option until you have unlocked at least one logo square on your bingo card.\
\
8) Click \'93Signs\'94 button.  It will generate the photo browser. Check that navigation buttons work.  Check that uploading and downloading of images works. Note \'97 images require administrator approval before they will appear in the browser.}